Reformat with docker tutorial (#2773)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/tutorials/run_reformatting_script_with_docker.md

# Introduction

> Running the reformat-all script requires to have multiple dependencies installed. To overcome this problem, instead of trying to install all the necessary dependencies on your own,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the reformat-all script requires multiple dependencies. To overcome this problem, instead of trying to install all the necessary dependencies on your own,
```

you can easily build a Docker image and run the script inside a Docker container based on this image.

> ## Who is this guide for?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Who Is This Guide For?
```

Do you want to run the reformat-all script easily and without any hassle? You've come to the right place.

This is a step-by-step guide. Just follow the steps and you are good to go!

## Prerequisites

- Docker for Linux containers has to be preinstalled. Please refer to https://docs.docker.com/install/ if you haven't installed it yet.

>   Your host OS should be better Linux, because we are going to use your current Linux user ID for building the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Your host OS should better be Linux, because we are going to use your current Linux user ID for building the image.
```

- Basic knowledge of Docker (not mandatory)

> ## What to begin with?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What to Begin With?
```

> ### 1. Build your own Docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build Your Own Docker Image
```

Now you are going to build your own Docker image based on Debian.

From the project root directory run the following command:

```sh
docker build -t buildelektra-sid \
	--build-arg JENKINS_USERID=$(id -u) \
	--build-arg JENKINS_GROUPID=$(id -g) \
	-f scripts/docker/debian/sid/Dockerfile \
	scripts/docker/debian/sid/
```

> The building process depends on your Internet speed connection and the overall performance of your hardware. Most likely, it will take at least

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build process depends on your Internet connection speed and the overall performance of your hardware. Most likely, it will take at least
```

> 5 minutes. Please be patient. Once you have it built, you will reuse it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5 minutes. Please be patient. Once you have built the image, you can reuse it multiple times.
```

> The image tag `buildelektra-sid` we suggested can be of course replaced to your own preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image tag `buildelektra-sid` we suggested can be replaced by a name of your own choosing.
```

> ### 2. Run Docker container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Run the Docker Container
```

> Now when you built the image, spin-up a container like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you built the image, you can execute a container like this:
```

```sh
docker run -it --rm \
	-v "$PWD:/home/jenkins/workspace" \
	-w /home/jenkins/workspace \
	buildelektra-sid
```

Again, if you changed the image tag `buildelektra-sid`, please change it above as well.

> ### 3. Running the script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running the Script
```
